log - add index feature (#7048)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/indexes/_index.md

<a href="/help">contact Datadog support</a> to enable multiple-indexes for your account.
</div>

### Add Indexes

> If multiple-indexes is activated, use the "New Index" button to create a new index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple indexes is activated, use the "New Index" button to create a new index. 
```

{{< img src="logs/indexes/add-index.png" alt="Add index"  style="width:70%;">}}

> **Note**: Index name must start with a letter and can only contain lower-case letters, numbers, or the '-' character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Index names must start with a letter and can only contain lowercase letters, numbers, or the '-' character.
```
